feat: Add toggle for disabling getMetadata request (#1693)
open-feature/flagd: docs/reference/flagd-cli/flagd_start.md

  -H, --context-from-header stringToString   add key-value pairs to map header values to context values, where key is Header name, value is context key (default [])
  -X, --context-value stringToString         add arbitrary key value pairs to the flag evaluation context (default [])
  -C, --cors-origin strings                  CORS allowed origins, * will allow all origins

>       --enable-sync-context                  Enable or disable sync context. Defaults to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --enable-sync-context                  Enable or disables including static context values (see the -X flag) in the sync payload, instead of in the GetMetadataResponse. Defaults to false, but will be default to true in later versions.
```
